fix(messaging): reorganise API docs (#1149)
scaleway/docs-content: compute/messaging/api-cli/python-node-sqs.mdx

```go
import (
  "github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go/aws"
  "github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go/aws/credentials"
  "github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go/aws/session"
  "github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go/service/sqs"
)

type AWSCredsProvider struct {
  AccessKey string
  SecretKey string
}

func (p *AWSCredsProvider) Retrieve() (credentials.Value, error) {
  return credentials.Value{
    AccessKeyID:     p.AccessKey,
    SecretAccessKey: p.SecretKey,
    SessionToken:    "",
    ProviderName:    "anonymous",
  }, nil
}

func (p *AWSCredsProvider) IsExpired() bool {
  return false
}

func main() {
  awsSession := session.Must(session.NewSession(&aws.Config{
    Region:   aws.String("fr-par"),
    Endpoint: aws.String("http://sqs-sns.mnq.fr-par.scw.cloud"),
    Credentials: credentials.NewCredentials(&AWSCredsProvider{
      AccessKey: AwsAccessKey,
      SecretKey: AwsSecretKey,
    }),
  }))

  awsSqs := sqs.New(awsSession)

  [...]
}
```

<Message type="note">

  The `Endpoint` for Scaleway Messaging is `https://sqs-sns.mnq.fr-par.scw.cloud`. For the access and secret key values, use the credentials you [generated](/compute/messaging/how-to/create-credentials/) for your SNS/SQS namespace.

</Message>

> Once you're connected to the SQS service, you can use any functions available with the SDK. However, we recommend that you check they're [supported by Scaleway Messaging](https://developers.scaleway.com/en/products/messaging_and_queuing/api/v1alpha1/#sqs-api-support-actions). See the [official documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go/service/sqs) for more details on using the SDK, or read on to see some examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you are connected to the SQS service, you can use any functions available with the SDK. However, we recommend that you check they are [supported by Scaleway Messaging](https://developers.scaleway.com/en/products/messaging_and_queuing/api/v1alpha1/#sqs-api-support-actions). See the [official documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go/service/sqs) for more details on using the SDK, or read on to see some examples.
```
